Skeletor (#126)
ckcollab/ckcollab: _posts/2021-5-18-Skeletor.md

for your project.

With Skeletor, you get consistency, speed, and efficiency when onboarding new folks. Also, as we bring on new
developers, they may have great new pieces of knowledge/experience which get compounded back into Skeletor! It
is always improving.

# What _is_ Skeletor made of?

### Backend

Skeletor leverages Django + Python on the backend with a suite of libraries for testing.

 * We use Celery + RabbitMQ (or Redis) for asynchronous tasks like mass emails or resizing large images.
 * Pytest for testing (xdist, sugar, etc. ooo ya!)
 * Base classes for functional testing (selenium, cypress, detox)
 * And more helpers to make Test Driven Development easy to implement, something that saves many headaches for developers and money for clients.

### Frontend

And we use VueJS behind NuxtJS on the frontend.

 * Vuetify for styling and amazing base components
 * NuxtJS packs things up nicely for you by default
 * Awesome hot reloading, yay! 

<div class="img-bordered">
    <img src="/assets/blog/2021-05-skeletor/skeletor_install.png">
</div>

# Why these specific choices?

## Heroku over AWS or Digital Ocean Apps

> Heroku works well for small-to-medium sized apps without much need for custom backend setups.
> 
> Sometimes we move projects to AWS setups for production or for the entire lifecycle, this
> depends on the project. However, we've used Heroku to put apps in production and support them
> for > 5 years, we love the simplicity!
> 
> With Heroku you have to follow their opinions, "put this file here" or "use only > version 3 of this package."
> 
> These opinions are usually great, so it's not a huge deal. It becomes a problem when a client _requires_
> some old version of a package or nonstandard way of running things.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Heroku works well for small-to-medium-sized apps without much need for custom backend setups.

Sometimes we move projects to AWS setups for production or the entire lifecycle. This
depends on the project. However, we've used Heroku to put apps in production and support them
for over 5 years. We love the simplicity!

With Heroku, you have to follow their requirements, like putting files in specific directories or only supporting certain packages.

These requirements are usually done for a good reason, so it's not a huge deal. It becomes a problem when 
a client _requires_ an old version of a package or a nonstandard way of running things.
```

Author: ty !
